c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\obj\Debug\WCFNullPointers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\WCFNullPointers.dll.config
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\WCFNullPointers.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\WCFNullPointers.pdb
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\obj\Debug\WCFNullPointers.dll
c:\users\root\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\obj\Debug\WCFNullPointers.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\obj\Debug\WCFNullPointers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\obj\Debug\WCFNullPointers.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\obj\Debug\WCFNullPointers.pdb
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\WCFNullPointers.dll.config
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\WCFNullPointers.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\WCFNullPointers.pdb
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Leo\Documents\GitHub\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\IronSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\IronSharp.IronMQ.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\IronSharp.Core.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\IronSharp.IronMQ.pdb
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\root\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WCFNullPointers\WCFNullPointers\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
